He's crazy. He's crazy. He's crazy.
How so
I-I-I don't know him.
You have to call the police to get revenge on him alone.
No, I still don't believe it today, I can't cure you, fuck
Han Sheng Han Sheng
Hey big
Shi Ke said I told you not to mess around
Otherwise, my sister will definitely cut you into eight pieces
Cut me into eight pieces
I'll give you this opportunity.
Call whoever you can to save you
But I'll just give you two minutes.
One second later, I will dismantle your whole body.
Come over here
There's a crazy woman here who's going to kill me
You let me go
Go away
Get up!
Sister, you are finally here.
You have to call the shots for me. I have never been bullied like this when I grew up. I am so good to you, Ye Ninghan.
Dare to court your death in public
you
It's the other way around.
He even dares to hit Miss Han at this window
What is Ye Lianghan crazy about?
Ye Linhan, I suggest you apologize to your grandfather quickly
Our Chen family will not let you go
Why don't you put it down for him?
you
Security security
Come and clean up this country man
Who gave you the guts to wake our lady?